# Project One
## INDEX.HTML
### Header
- Title above the input text. Shows the name of the activity search engine "Want To Do Someething? 
#### Nav Element
- HTML file source links to navigate to the activity.html and quiz.html files.
- Putting the source links into a nav element will give better accessibility to the site. 

### Main
#### Participants Number Select
- Participants is put inside a label element
- User can input number of participants for activity search.
- In the participants input a min of 1 and a max of 100 participant was added. 

#### Type Select
- Activity type is put inside a label element
- There is a drop down menu with different activity type choices that the user can select. 
- This menu includes "cooking, education, social, recreational, busywork, charity, relaxation, diy and music" types for generating activities. 
- This drop menu of a default option of "any"

#### Button
- There is one handle submit button this page. 
- When at least one parameter is met (either participants or activity type), the search button can be selected. If search it sussussful this button will navigate you to the activity page.

#### Error
- If the parameters the user has put inside the search fails to grab an activity from the API an error picture and message will show. 
- If search successful the user should be directly navigated to the activity page with the result.

## activity.html
### Header
- The header element is the title of the activity html page "This is What We'd Suggest...". 

#### Nav Element
- HTML file source links to navigate to the activity.html and quiz.html files.
- Putting the source links into a nav element will give better accessibility to the site. 

### Activity Cards
- Div in the body has a class of activity cards. This is a container that will be used by Javascript to generate Activity cards. The class "activityCards" will display a template including a gif, name of the activity, activity type, number of people and a navigation link to the home page marked "Try Again". This template will appear with the activity and gif generated by users search. 

### Copyright
- Under the gif there is a figure caption marked "Powered By Giphy". 

## Quiz Page

### Header
- The first header element is the title of the activity html page "Activity Page Header".

#### Nav Element
- HTML file source links to navigate to the activity.html and quiz.html files.
- Putting the source links into a nav element will give better accessibility to the site. 

### quizQuestions container
- Div in the body has a class of quizQuestions. This is a container that will be used by Javascript to generate new quiz questions based on the users answer to the previous question.

### quizResults container
- Div in the body has a class of quizResults. This is a container that will be used by Javascript to generate results after the user has completed the quiz questions. The quizResults will include a meme, name of the activity, activity type and the number of people. 

### Button
- Button marked "Submit". This button will have the functionality of generating a different quizQuestion. This will also be used to finish the quiz and generate activity results. 

## API Descisions

### Bored API
- Bored API - https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity
- This API was chosen for its random activity generator. 
- This API provides number of people and type data that can be call upon to generate certain activities. If the user puts in a data of 1 person may come up with the activity "Work on a puzzle". A user can call a certain type of activity such as music it would come up with activities such as "Learn to play an instrument"

### Giphy API
Giphy API - https://developers.giphy.com/
- This API was chosen to provide pictures of gifs on the project-one site. 
- This API uses a string of keywords to generate a gif to match the activity.  


